Added proposal for HyperFabGames (#196)
hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-labs.github.io: labs/HyperFabGames.md

---
layout: default
title: HyperFabGames
parent: Labs
---
# Lab Name
HyperFabGames

# Short Description

> HyperFabGames is a collection of various prototype games to be designed and and devleoped by the Hyperledger MESIG Gaming subgorup team. These games will be used to conduct a deep dive into various use cases of blockchain technology in the gaming space. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HyperFabGames is a collection of various prototype games to be designed and developed by the Hyperledger MESIG Gaming subgroup team. These games will be used to conduct a deep dive into various use cases of blockchain technology in the gaming space. 
```

# Scope of Lab

> The socpe of this lab is to create multiple prototype games to be designed and and devleoped by the Hyperledger MESIG Gaming subgorup team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scope of this lab is to create multiple prototype games to be designed and and developed by the Hyperledger MESIG Gaming subgroup team. 
```

These games will be used to conduct a deep dive into various use cases of blockchain technology in the gaming space. 

Please refer to the detailed Wiki page here for scope of this project. 
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/MESIG/MESIG+-+Gaming+Subgroup
https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/MESIG/MESIG-Gaming%3A+Develop+a+Prototype+Game

# Initial Committers
https://github.com/sandywalls
https://github.com/kkanish/

# Sponsor
Sandy Aggarwal (sandy.aggarwal.apps@gmail.com)
Role: MESIG-GAMING Lead

# Pre-existing repository

> None, but will be checking in new code wih proper dco sign-off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None, but will be checking in new code with proper DCO sign-off
```
